changed http to https (#22312)
radareorg/radare2: doc/pdb/pdb_usage.md

f pdb.__imp__system = 0x192c0 # 0 .idata
f pdb._test_func__YAHHH_Z = 0x113e0 # 2 .text
...

> Check out this post for more information about pf: https://radare.today/types/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out this post for more information about pf: https://radareorg.github.io/blog/posts/types/
```
